`SuperSelect` web docs (HDS-3222) (#2026)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/super-select/partials/guidelines/overview.md

> SuperSelect is a form element that provides users with a way to select either single or multiple options from a list within. It is an enhanced version of the HDS Select component. It supports rich content within option items, as well as before and after list components or content.

Author: ```suggestion
SuperSelect provides users with a way to select among a group of options. It can be considered an enhanced version of the HDS Select component. It supports rich content within option items as well as custom content before and after the option items.
```

> SuperSelect is a form element that provides users with a way to select either single or multiple options from a list within. It is an enhanced version of the HDS Select component. It supports rich content within option items, as well as before and after list components or content.

Reviewer: I know it's mentioned in the code docs, but does it make sense to mention that this is built on the PowerSelect in this overview? I only ask because most designers are somewhat familiar with the PowerSelect at this point, so it might not be a bad idea.

Reviewer 2: +1

Reviewer 3: Added to overview.

> SuperSelect is a form element that provides users with a way to select either single or multiple options from a list within. It is an enhanced version of the HDS Select component. It supports rich content within option items, as well as before and after list components or content.

Author: outdated

> The Super Select component provides a way to select among a group of options. It can be considered as an enhanced version of the [HDS Select](/components/form/select) component. It supports rich content within option items, as well as custom content before and after the option items. The Super Select is built on top of [ember-power-select](https://github.com/cibernox/ember-power-select).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Super Select component provides a way to select among a group of options and can be considered an enhanced version of the [HDS Select](/components/form/select) component. It supports rich content within option items, as well as custom content before and after the option items. The Super Select is built on top of [ember-power-select](https://github.com/cibernox/ember-power-select).
```
